welcome to the program it's 1200 GMT
that's 3 p.m. in Gaza and Israel has now
imposed what it calls a total blockade
on The Enclave cutting off food fuel
water and electricity it is part of the
most serious escalation in decades more
than 500 Palestinians and 800 Israelis
have been killed since hamas's
infiltration south of Israel on Saturday
these are the latest pictures from the
jabalia ref refug camp in Gaza there are
reports of mass casualties in all
hundreds of sites have been targeted
throughout the besieged Enclave Hamas
says four Israeli prisoners have been
killed in the bombardment and a warning
to our viewers some of you may find
these images disturbing our cameras
captured the Frantic scenes as rescue
workers began to pull people from the
rubble in the jabalia neighborhood yumna
aled is at a hospital in Gaza and filed
this
report two uh massive uh raids happened
in in the northern part of Gaza one in
jabalia refugee camp that's the latest
one it was a targeting or a bombing to a
home and all the neighboring homes and
even an unise school has been have been
severely destroyed uh dozens of uh C
casualties were brought to hospital
mostly injuries and mostly children
unfortunately we've seen them we've seen
the ambulances Dro them as as well as a
number of those who have been killed in
that uh bombardment just before that
bombardment 5 minutes before it the
other bombardment was for uh a Susi
mosque which is in uh the ashati refugee
camp also in West Gaza City and uh
that's one of the most densely or it's
it's considered to be the first most
densely populated uh refugee camp in
Gaza and then jabalia follows after it
uh the the bque was also targeted
without prior notice uh many civilians
of those who were injured from the
targeting were brought to hospital
including those who were killed from
that targeting we've seen the pictures
of how much the destruction Coast from
every raid and every mile every
bombardment made and that all affects
the infrastructure so uh basically uh
these areas like for example B hanon
neighborhood another very densely
populated area has they like local
Witnesses and sources say that over 70%
of that neighborhood has been completely
wrecked it has been completely wiped out
the infrastructure uh no electricity
there water pipes uh pipelines
everything has been completely destroyed
of course uh in addition to civilian
homes and every other building in that
area that was under heavy bombardment
all night so we're talking about the
destruction of not just homes and and
and air but but even infrastructure in
every area that is uh subjected to a
mile or a bombard
bombardment okay Jamila Abu Zuna is in
the north of Gaza where a market in
jabalia refugee camp was targeted
earlier this is the north of Gaza we
have just heard a huge explosion uh we
have no until until
now but uh uh for the last couple of
hours they have targeted the last trade
was on jabalia that trans area in
jabalia it's um jabalia Camp is one of
the most crowded uh camps in Gaza uh
they have targeted a market there and
there's about more than 50 people dead
uh and as the Prime Minister um the
spokesman of the Ministry of Health
ashra has said uh the death toll until
now is 500 Dead uh this uh
situation he has explained that cause
disability of disability of trying to
contain uh the am ount of casualties
coming to the hospitals of Gaza uh which
uh which shows us how complicated that
the coming days are going to be uh in
addition or especially that uh by
Wednesday There's going to be no
electricity in Gaza the power stations
are running out of electricity so there
is no electricity no food or water uh no
one is anticipating what's what is going
to be uh in the coming days uh we're
just waitting meting to know what's
going to
happen let's turn to Southern Israel now
and Charles Stratford is live for us
outside cot Charles what's the latest
lines coming out from the Israeli
Army well I suppose it was a couple of
hours ago now that the Israeli military
said that they had taken back full
control regained control of a number of
towns and communities inside is close to
the Border including the town behind me
stot well certainly we can't verify that
um and there are still reports of
ongoing skirmishes in another in a
number of settlements one especially
place called kafar um AAR when I say
settlement I mean Village or town
because of course it's inside Israel um
we understand possibly that there may be
a hostage situation ongoing there I'll
tell you that certainly cly in the last
half an hour or so there has been an
intense bombardment of areas of the
northern Gaza Strip which is behind me
and to my left they' got saly after saly
of Israeli fighter jets flying overhead
dropping their payloads um and returning
there've also been helicopter gunships
that we've seen here that area of
Northern Gaza is place is a place called
bit hanon which we've heard our
reporters uh inside Gaza saying that
is taking a catastrophic beating um so
yeah there is an intensification of of
fighting that we've seen we've also seen
a lot of troops uh sorry troop uh
movement increasingly um we've seen um a
lot of U
tanks uh military hardware including
apcs we've seen a lot of Humes in the
last half an hour or so carrying
soldiers um along the road in front of
me uh military um uh military bulldozers
um and more tanks on flatbeds so all
indications are that there are gearing
up the Israelis are gearing up for some
sort of military Invasion inside into
Gaza so yeah as we've been reporting
inside of Gaza our reporters there
absolutely horrific scenes and terrified
hundreds of thousands of people stay
with me Charles I just want to explain
what we're seeing on our screen there
were air strikes that were raining down
on Gaza which they have been now over
the past several hours and also we know
more than 500 uh occurred overnight in
terms of evacuation of residents near
the border what have you seen are people
leaving are they staying talk us through
it it's a really strange situation we
were as I say in stot earlier and
although the situation was very tensive
indeed there was barrage after barrage
of rockets being fired from inside Gaza
some of which were hiding stot there had
been an announcement that they were
ongoing at the time um Search and
Destroy operations being uh conducted by
Israeli paratroopers and we saw some of
well Israeli soldiers going into the
town walking into the streets um we
understand looking for Hamas and
Palestinian gunmen but at the same time
as there being a few people leaving
there are also a lot of people staying
um a lot of people refusing seemingly to
go and that's despite the warnings from
the Israelis that this evacuation is
important we spoke to one Israeli
civilian inside stot and he said no I'm
not going now is the time to stay in
stot to hold our ground so you know no
matter the pummeling that some of these
towns have taken and reminding viewers
that stot was one of the initial towns
that had Palestinian government come
into it of course there was a Siege
there of that police station that
eventually was regained control of was
actually destroyed we understand
potentially by an Israeli air strike 10
Hammer Fighters were pulled out from
that so despite that kind of situation
many Israelis in these towns are
refusing to leave one thing the Israeli
military did say though this morning was
that um it was now gearing up for its
next stage in this military operation
now is that going to be some form of
ground Invasion or is that reference to
an
evacuation um it seems a pretty risky
military strategy to push into Gaza um
when there is so much seemingly so much
of a response still coming from Gaza in
terms of the rockets that are being
fired when there are literally tens of
thousands of Israeli civilians living in
towns and settlements so close to the
border so it's very difficult to gauge
exactly what Israel next move is but all
indications were suggest just because of
the kind of military movement that we've
seen in this area that they are gearing
up for some sort of invasion into Gaza
okay appreciate the update as always
Charles Stratford in southern Israel